Update token cli docs to new CLI docs template (#28948)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/docs/commands/token/renew.mdx

# token renew

Renews a token's lease.

<CodeBlockConfig hideClipboard>

```shell-session
$ vault token renew [flags] <token>

$ vault token renew [-help | -h]
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

## Description

`token renew` extends the lease duration of a token. You can specify which token 
to renew, or Vault will use your locally authenticated token if you do not
provide one. The renewal will fail if:

- The token is not renewable
- Someone has already revoked the token
- The token has reached its maximum TTL

<Tip title="Related API endpoints">

  RenewToken - [`POST:/auth/token/renew`](/vault/api-docs/auth/token#renew-a-token)
  RenewTokenSelf - [`POST:/auth/token/renew-self`](/vault/api-docs/auth/token#renew-a-token-self)
  RenewTokenAccessor - [`POST:/auth/token/renew-accessor`](/vault/api-docs/auth/token#renew-a-token-accessor)

</Tip>

## Command arguments

<br />

@include 'cli/token/args/token.mdx'

## Command options

None.

## Command flags

<br />

@include 'cli/token/flags/increment.mdx'

## Standard flags

<br />

> @include 'cli/token/flags/format.mdx'
> 
> <br /><hr /><br />
> 
> @include 'cli/standard-settings/all-standard-flags-but-format.mdx'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
@include 'cli/standard-settings/all-standard-flags.mdx'
```

# token renew

Renews a token's lease.

<CodeBlockConfig hideClipboard>

```shell-session
$ vault token renew [flags] <token>

$ vault token renew [-help | -h]
```

</CodeBlockConfig>

## Description

> `token renew` renews a token's lease, extending the amount of time it can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`token renew` renews the lease for the given token. Renewing extends the amount of time the token can be
```
Style correction: avoid possessives, limit object pronouns
